[♪♪♪]
♪ Ninjago ♪
[METAL CLANGING]
[KAI GRUNTS]
To forge
the perfect weapon,
you first need
the right metal
and plenty of heat.
Cool it off...
[WATER HISSING]
and...
presto. Aw.
[LAUGHS]
You made it too quickly,
Kai.
Be patient. If Father
was still here, he’d say--
I know. "No matter how much
fire you have,
experience isn’t something
you learn overnight."
That may work for you, Nya,
but I’m gonna be a better
blacksmith than Dad ever was.
Hm.
Your metal is loud and heavy,
useful to slow one down.
Useless
in the art of stealth.
All tools for a samurai,
but nothing for a ninja?
Ninja? Ha!
You’re a long way from finding
a ninja in these parts, old man.
And the shop is called Four
Weapons, not "Four" Browsing.
Either buy something
or go peddle your insults
somewhere else.
Ha! Too bad.
Thought I’d find something
special here.
If it’s something special
you’re looking for,
let me sh--
NYA:
What is it?
He was just...
Forget it.
[ENGINES WHIRRING]
Oh, oh,
let me go first!
Please, oh please!
I’m dying
to go down there.
You nitwit,
you’re already dead.
Try to control yourself
in front of Master Samukai.
Uh, with all due respect,
last time you did say
that I could go first.
Sorry, boys,
this one is mine.
Just remember what we’re after,
and find that map.
Attack!
[TIRES SCREECH]
ALL:
Attack!
Boo!
[ALL SCREAM]
What are they?
I don’t know. Stay here.
[GROWLS]
[GRUNTING]
[BITING]
Ow!
Bite this!
Ah!
I thought I told you
to stay back.
And what?
Let you have all the fun?
[GRUNTING]
Hm.
You’re not looking
hard enough.
[GRUNTS]
Ow!
You’re not looking
hard enough!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
BOTH:
The map!
Ha-ha!
[CHUCKLES]
Oops.
[YELLS]
WU:
Ninjago!
Sensei Wu?
Your spinjitzu looks rusty.
Nothing like bone
to sharpen it’s edge, Samukai.
[KAI GRUNTS]
[LAUGHS]
[♪♪♪]
Oh, no.
Ninjago!
Lord Garmadon
says take the girl.
Lord Garmadon?
[LAUGHS]
[SCREAMS]
Nya!
[SAMUKAI CACKLING]
They took Nya.
I told you.
Useless.
Oh!
You could have
done something!
You could have used your--
Your twistitzu, or your-- Your--
Spinjitzu.
But you did nothing.
I’m gonna get
my sister back.
Where they go,
a mortal cannot.
That was Samukai,
king of the Underworld.
And if it’s true
that he’s carrying out orders
for Lord Garmadon,
then I fear things
are far worse
than I had ever thought.
Lord Garmadon? Underworld?
What’s going on?
What do we have
that’s so important to them,
and why would they
take my sister?
What’s so important?
How about everything
in Ninjago itself.
Long before time had a name,
Ninjago was created
by the first spinjitzu master
by using the four weapons
of spinjitzu:
the Scythe of Quakes,
the Nunchuks of Lightning,
the Shurikans of Ice
and the Sword of Fire.
Weapons so powerful
no one can handle
all of their power at once.
When he passed away,
his two sons swore
to protect them.
But the oldest was consumed
by darkness
and wanted to posses them.
A battle between brothers
broke out,
and the oldest was struck down
and banished to the Underworld.
Peace returned, and the younger
brother hid the weapons.
But knowing
his older brother’s
relentless ambition
for power,
he placed a guardian
to protect them.
And for fear
of his own demise,
a map for an honest man
to hide.
That honest man
was your father.
The older brother
is Lord Garmadon.
And I need to find those weapons
before he does.
Y-you’re the younger brother?
Then you came here
looking for the map?
No. I came for something
greater: you.
Since my brother
cannot enter this realm,
it’s obvious he has struck
a deal with Samukai.
If he were to collect
all four weapons,
even I would not be able
to stop him again.
But you,
you have the fire inside.
I will train you to harness it,
use it,
become a spinjitzu master.
Look, I’m flattered
you think I’m all that.
But I gotta save my sister,
not get involved
in your sibling rivalry.
Ha-ha! Clunky mule.
You are not even ready
to face my pinky toe.
[GRUNTING]
If you want
to get your sister back,
you must control the fire
that burns inside.
[GRUNTING]
Only when you become
a spinjitzu master
will you be able to face
Lord Garmadon.
Okay.
Then when do we start?
[GRUNTING]
How long is this training
gonna be?
Aren’t we in a little bit of
a rush since they have the map?
Patience.
You will be ready
when you are ready.
Not a minute sooner.
[PANTING]
A monastery?
You expect me to learn to fight
in a place of peace?
Not fight. Train.
To become a true ninja,
first you must be able
to see what others do not.
But there’s nothing here.
Whoa.
Is this gonna teach me
how to do that cool move?
[GRUNTS]
Oh, dear.
[SCREAMS]
Complete the training course
before I finish my tea,
then we will see
if you are ready.
[SLURPS]
Today you failed.
Tomorrow you will
try again.
Failed? But I didn’t
even start to--
Patience.
[♪♪♪]
Failed.
[GRUNTING]
WU:
Oh, failed.
Oh, so failed.
[♪♪♪]
Ha-ha!
Ah!
And...
failed.
[♪♪♪]
Was that one sugar or two?
Ha!
So am I gonna learn
this spinjitzu
I’ve been hearing
so much about?
You already have.
Your final test comes tomorrow.
Huh?
My advice
is to get some sleep.
[♪♪♪]
[SNORING]
[TOOTHBRUSH BUZZING]
WU:
My advice is to get some sleep.
Oh, yeah? Well, take this.
[GRUNTING]
And this!
Oops.
[♪♪♪]
[YELLS]
[LAUGHS]
[GRUNTS]
Ah!
WU:
Stop!
NINJAS:
Yes, sensei.
Wait a minute,
they’re your students too?
This was my final test,
wasn’t it?
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa.
You never said anything
about a fourth.
It’s always three.
Three blind mice,
three musketeers, three--
What he’s trying to say,
Sensei Wu,
is that the three of us
have trained together.
We’re solid.
Didn’t look so solid
to me.
Master, what is
the meaning of this?
Each of you
have been chosen.
Each in tune
with elemental properties.
But first.
Ninjago!
KAI:
Whoa! How’d he do that?
Look what color I am.
Wait a minute.
I’m still black.
Kai, master of fire.
It burns bright in you.
Jay is blue.
Master of lightning.
Heh! That’s not all
I’m the master of.
I do a little inventing,
I dabble in model-building,
touch of cooking,
a little poetry--
More like mouth of lightning.
Black ninja is Cole.
Solid as rock.
Master of earth.
Ha!
Nice to meet you, kid.
I got your back.
And for the record,
there ain’t nothing
in this world I’m afraid of.
Except for dragons.
Dragons aren’t from this world,
Zane. I said in this world.
And white ninja is Zane.
Master of ice
and seer with sixth sense.
I sense this one takes things
a little too seriously.
You too have the gift?
[LAUGHS]
He’s just making
a joke, Zane.
Remember what we talked about?
Your sense of humor? Huh?
Yes. It was a joke.
Ha, ha.
WU:
Pay attention!
You four are the chosen ones
who will protect
the four weapons
of spinjitzu
from Lord Garmadon.
But what about my sister?
[GASPS]
We’re saving a girl?
Is she hot?
Jay!
I-- I just wanna know
what we’re getting
ourselves into.
Does she like blue?
Back off.
When we find the weapons,
we will find your sister.
It is time.
We must go
to the first weapon.
Whoa, hold on a minute.
You said you were gonna
teach us spinjitzu.
Spinjitzu is inside
each and every one of you.
But it will only be unlocked
when the key
is ready to be found.
Come. My feet are tired.
We will take
the horse carriage.
Great.
Now we have to find
a key?
Yeah.
I’m feeling like
he’s taking us for a ride.
Well, if it means finding
my sister, then sign me up.
[♪♪♪]
[ALL PANTING]
"Sign me up."
Way to go, spark plug.
I sense this is some strange
form of team-building.
Just keep pulling.
We have a long way to go.
So where did sensei
find you three?
Let’s just say if it wasn’t
for Sensei Wu,
I don’t think we would
ever be seen together.
I was testing my limits.
[GRUNTING]
Ha-ha! Huh?
I was testing
my invention.
Whoa! Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Whoa!
[CRASHING]
[GROANING]
ZANE:
And I was testing myself.
Hm?
You’re right.
If it weren’t for sensei,
none of us would--
Shh! Stop.
The caves of despair.
Samukai must be close to
unearthing the Scythe of Quakes.
Remember, do not use the weapon,
for it’s power--
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
is too much for us mortals.
All right, guys, let’s
chop-socky this lemonade stand.
Cole, you got the plan?
Sure do.
First we lower ourselves
down the ledge,
and then--
Where’s Kai?
JAY:
Let’s go.
[SKELETONS MUMBLING
INDISTINCTLY]
Ow! Oh!
[GROANS]
[PUNCHES LANDING]
KAI [GASPS]:
The map.
[GASPING]
I found something!
That’s another rock,
you bonehead.
But it’s shaped
like a doughnut.
Mm, I wonder
if it tastes like--
Oh!
[SIGHS]
[WHISPERING]
What’s the matter with you?
Shh!
[LAUGHS]
JAY:
It’s upside down.
They’re digging
in the wrong spot.
The golden weapon
is near.
There’s no time to waste.
What is it
with that guy?
Always in a rush.
[GROANING]
Hey. Before you
race off again,
you need to remember
we’re a team.
Yeah. Whatever.
[ALL GROAN]
JAY:
Whoa! That is so cool!
[ECHOING]
Cool, cool, cool.
Shh!
Not so loud.
Oh, come on,
don’t be paranoid.
We’re totally on the opposite
side of the caves.
Zip it, okay?
Now that we’ve got
the Scythe,
let’s sneak out while those
boneheads are still busy.
All right, team,
everyone stick together.
The way out
is right around the corner--
Ah!
[SKELETONS SHOUTING
AND GRUMBLING]
[♪♪♪]
[YELLS]
Ha-ha, two points!
Kai, throw it here.
COLE:
Going long!
There’s too many of them.
Let me handle it.
[YELLING]
Hey, guys, it’s just like
the training course.
Over the planks,
dodge the swords,
here comes the dummy.
Cha-ching!
KAI:
Spinjitzu.
Jay, what’s the key?
[LAUGHING]
I’m just going
through the motions,
This is what sensei
must have meant
when he said
we already know it.
Over the planks, dodge the
swords, here comes the dummy.
[LAUGHING]
He just called you
a dummy.
No, he called you a dummy.
[BOTH SCREAM]
I sense you do not
stand a chance.
Retreat!
[ALL SCREAM]
COLE:
Ha! Guess they didn’t want a
second serving of these babies.
Good thing they didn’t check out
the merchandise in the back.
KAI [LAUGHS]:
All right!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
[GROWLING]
COLE: Uh, guys?
ZANE:
Didn’t sensei say
there was a guardian
protecting the weapons?
COLE:
Is that a--?
That’s not what I think it is,
is it?
JAY:
You mean a dragon?
KAI:
That sure looks like a dragon.
I sense we won’t be able to spin
our way out of this one.
[ROARS]
[ALL SCREAM]
KAI:
I thought dragons
weren’t from this world.
No, no, Kai. Bad idea.
Sensei told us not to.
Then you better
keep your mouth shut.
COLE:
Kai! Don’t!
[♪♪♪]
COLE:
We gotta escape.
We’ll use spinjitzu.
[ROARS]
[ALL GRUNT]
COLE: Ninjago!
[COLE SCREAMS]
[ALL GRUNT]
COLE: That was so awesome!
KAI [LAUGHING]: Yes.
We are unbelievable.
ZANE:
We are the best
Ha! Did you see that?
I was like, pow,
and you were like, bam!
WU:
Enough!
I told you not to use
the Scythe.
He did it.
What?
I warned him, sensei.
Using it
was my only option.
And what makes you think
you are more important
than the team, huh? Huh?
They took my sister,
remember?
There are still
three weapons left.
Maybe next time
you can do it right.
[♪♪♪]
Master, I have failed you.
They have learned spinjitzu.
And they have the Scythe.
GARMADON:
Good.
Then my brother
was there.
If I gather my army,
we can easily ambush them and--
GARMADON:
No.
Let them think
they’re winning.
Uh, but I do not
understand.
GARMADON:
Everything is going to plan.
[GARMADON LAUGHS]
♪ Jump back, do it again ♪
♪ Ninjago ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ We gotta do it again ♪
♪ We’ll just jump up
Kick back, whip around ♪
♪ And spin ♪
♪ And then we jump back
Do it again ♪
♪ Ninjago ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on and together
We can win ♪
♪ Jump up, kick back
Whip around and spin ♪